Even though two objects look exactly the same,
that doesn't mean they're identical.
So the same information does not indicate equality.
For example, look at my Udacity jacket.
It's dark, and it has the Udacity logo.
Now, look at this jacket.
It's the same color and has the same logo.
They look exactly the same, right?
But, now, ask yourself this,
are they had the same jacket?
No. Of course, they aren't.
This one's mine, and this one's Areetz'.
Oh, there's my jacket.
Thank you.
Now, if I call this jacket my jacket and someone else calls it Richard's jacket,
they are two different names for the same object.
So, my jacket and Richard's jacket are referring to the same thing.
When working with JavaScript objects and equality, you need to think about,
are they two separate objects,
or are they different names referring to the same object?